README.md, before:

# GraphQLJavaGen

Generate code for a specific GraphQL schema that provides query
builders and response classes.

## Installation

The code generator requires ruby version 2.1 or later.

It is recommended to use [bundler](http://bundler.io/) to install
the code generators ruby package.

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'graphql_java_gen'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

The generated code depends on the com.shopify.graphql.support java
package. This can be added to a gradle project by adding the following
jCenter dependancy to you `build.gradle` file:

    compile 'com.shopify.graphql.support:support:0.1.0'

## Usage

Create a script that generates the code for a GraphQL API

```ruby
require 'graphql_java_gen'
require 'graphql_schema'
require 'json'

introspection_result = File.read("graphql_schema.json")
schema = GraphQLSchema.new(JSON.parse(introspection_result))

GraphQLJavaGen.new(schema,
  package_name: "com.example.MyApp",
  nest_under: 'ExampleSchema',
  custom_scalars: [
    GraphQLJavaGen::Scalar.new(
      type_name: 'Decimal',
      java_type: 'BigDecimal',
      deserialize_expr: ->(expr) { "new BigDecimal(jsonAsString(#{expr}, key))" },
      imports: ['java.math.BigDecimal'],
    ),
  ]
).save("#{Dir.pwd}/../MyApp/src/main/java/com/example/MyApp/ExampleSchema.java")
```

That generated code depends on the com.shopify.graphql.support package.

The generated code includes a query builder that can be used to create a GraphQL
query in a type-safe manner.

```java
String queryString = ExampleSchema.query(query -> query
    .user(user -> user
        .firstName()
        .lastName()
    )
).toString();
```

The generated code also includes response classes that will deserialize the response
and provide methods for accessing the field data with it already coerced to the
correct type.

```java
ExampleSchema.QueryResponse response = ExampleSchema.QueryResponse.fromJson(responseJson);
if (!response.getErrors().isEmpty()) {
    for (Error error : response.getErrors()) {
        System.err.println("GraphQL error: " + error.message());
    }
}
if (data != null) {
    ExampleSchema.User user = data.getUser();
    System.out.println("user.firstName() + " " + user.lastName());
}
```

## Lambda Expressions

The java 8 lambda expressions feature is essential for having a
nice syntax for the query builder. This feature is also available
for Android apps by using the
[Jack toolchain](https://source.android.com/source/jack.html).

If an older version of java must be used, then
[retrolambda](https://github.com/orfjackal/retrolambda) can be used
to backport this feature to java 5-7.

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bundle` to install ruby dependencies.
Then, run `rake test` to run the tests.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake
install` or reference it from a Gemfile using the path option
(e.g. `gem 'graphql_java_gen', path: '~/src/graphql_java_gen'`).

## Contributing

See our [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the
[MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

README: Need to reference bintray repo until added to jcenter

README.md, after:

# GraphQLJavaGen

Generate code for a specific GraphQL schema that provides query
builders and response classes.

## Installation

The code generator requires ruby version 2.1 or later.

It is recommended to use [bundler](http://bundler.io/) to install
the code generators ruby package.

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'graphql_java_gen'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

The generated code depends on the com.shopify.graphql.support java
package. This can be added to a gradle project by adding the following
dependency to you `build.gradle` file:

    compile 'com.shopify.graphql.support:support:0.1.0'

currently will also need to add the bintray repository until the package
is added to jcenter

    maven { url 'https://dl.bintray.com/shopify/shopify-java/' }

## Usage

Create a script that generates the code for a GraphQL API

```ruby
require 'graphql_java_gen'
require 'graphql_schema'
require 'json'

introspection_result = File.read("graphql_schema.json")
schema = GraphQLSchema.new(JSON.parse(introspection_result))

GraphQLJavaGen.new(schema,
  package_name: "com.example.MyApp",
  nest_under: 'ExampleSchema',
  custom_scalars: [
    GraphQLJavaGen::Scalar.new(
      type_name: 'Decimal',
      java_type: 'BigDecimal',
      deserialize_expr: ->(expr) { "new BigDecimal(jsonAsString(#{expr}, key))" },
      imports: ['java.math.BigDecimal'],
    ),
  ]
).save("#{Dir.pwd}/../MyApp/src/main/java/com/example/MyApp/ExampleSchema.java")
```

That generated code depends on the com.shopify.graphql.support package.

The generated code includes a query builder that can be used to create a GraphQL
query in a type-safe manner.

```java
String queryString = ExampleSchema.query(query -> query
    .user(user -> user
        .firstName()
        .lastName()
    )
).toString();
```

The generated code also includes response classes that will deserialize the response
and provide methods for accessing the field data with it already coerced to the
correct type.

```java
ExampleSchema.QueryResponse response = ExampleSchema.QueryResponse.fromJson(responseJson);
if (!response.getErrors().isEmpty()) {
    for (Error error : response.getErrors()) {
        System.err.println("GraphQL error: " + error.message());
    }
}
if (data != null) {
    ExampleSchema.User user = data.getUser();
    System.out.println("user.firstName() + " " + user.lastName());
}
```

## Lambda Expressions

The java 8 lambda expressions feature is essential for having a
nice syntax for the query builder. This feature is also available
for Android apps by using the
[Jack toolchain](https://source.android.com/source/jack.html).

If an older version of java must be used, then
[retrolambda](https://github.com/orfjackal/retrolambda) can be used
to backport this feature to java 5-7.

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bundle` to install ruby dependencies.
Then, run `rake test` to run the tests.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake
install` or reference it from a Gemfile using the path option
(e.g. `gem 'graphql_java_gen', path: '~/src/graphql_java_gen'`).

## Contributing

See our [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the
[MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
